>> PREVIOUSLY ON SINGLE
LADIES...
>> I'M SAYING IF YOU LIKE IT,
THEN PUT A RING ON IT.
IF NOT, LET'S STOP WASTING EACH
OTHER'S TIME.
>> WHAT THE HELL JUST HAPPENED?
>> I JUST BECAME A SINGLE WOMAN.
I FOUND THE SOLUTION TO MY
PROBLEM--COUPLEUS.COM.
>> MICHAEL?
>> VAL.
AND THE CRAZIEST PART IS, I
DON'T EVEN MIND YOUR HAIR.
>> HOW CAN YOU LOOK ME IN THE
FACE AND SAY SOMETHING LIKE
THAT?
>> WHOA, I JUST PAID YOU A
COMPLIMENT, ALL RIGHT?
CHILL OUT.
>> HOW IS THAT A COMPLIMENT?
>> I JUST GOT US THREE TICKETS
TO A PRIVATE LISTENING PARTY
FOR SADE.
>> I LOVE SADE.
>> I ONLY GOT THREE.
>> WHEN YOUR BOSS RUNS A
RECORD LABEL, YOU'RE SUPPOSED
TO BE ABLE TO USE WHAT GOD
GAVE YOU AND GET SOME PERKS.
>> LOOK AT HIM.
NOTHING BUT SWAG.
CAN'T HELP BUT LOVE THAT GUY.
>> THEY'RE NOW CALLING HIM
"THE PLAYER" MAYOR HOWARD.
MARGARET O'CONNOR AND APRIL
GOLDBERG JENKINS NOW BRING THE
TOTAL TO NINE.
>> GET THE HELL OUT OF THIS
HOUSE.
I CAN'T STAND THE SIGHT OF YOU.
>> YOU CAN STAY HERE WITH US.
>> I WANT TO SEE YOU TONIGHT.
>> MALCOLM, I WILL NOT BE ONE
OF YOUR BOOTY CALLS.
YOU MUST BE USED TO YOUNGER,
INEXPERIENCED, INSECURE WOMEN.
I AIN'T SCARED OF YOU.
>> WHAT ARE YOU NOT TELLING ME?
>> HE HASN'T CALLED ALL DAY.
[intro to I Am by Mary J Blige]
* *
>> * HEY, NO *
* NO *
* OH *
* AIN'T NOBODY *
* GONNA TREAT YOU BETTER *
* GONNA TOUCH YOU BETTER *
* AIN'T NOBODY *
* GONNA LOVE YOU BETTER *
* BOY, THAN I AM *
* OH OH OH, OH OH OH *
* I AM *
* NOBODY, NOBODY *
* OH OH OH, OH OH *
* NO, NOBODY'S GONNA *
* TREAT YOU AS GOOD AS I AM *
>> * MOVE YOUR BODY *
* OUT ON THE FLOOR *
[overlapping chatter]
>> VAL, LISTEN, HE'S BEAUTIFUL.
BABE, WILL YOU GIVE HIM A
CHANCE?
HE IS SO SWEET, AND I AM TELLING
YOU, YOU ARE GONNA REGRET NOT
MEETING HIM.
>> AFTER ALL THE AESTHETICALLY
CHALLENGED GUYS MY MOTHER'S BEEN
SETTING ME UP WITH, I THINK I'LL
PASS.
>> OKAY, WHEN YOUR MOM SAYS GUYS
ARE SWEET, THAT IS CODE FOR FAT,
BALD, AND LIVING CHECK TO CHECK.
WHEN I SAY THEY'RE SWEET, THAT
MEANS THAT HIS BODY IS BANGING.
>> MAYBE I'M MISSING OUT, BUT
RIGHT NOW, I WOULD LIKE TO FIND
SOMEONE ON MY OWN.
>> OKAY.
>> THANK YOU.
>> I'LL LEAVE IT ALONE.
>> OOH, SORRY I'M LATE.
I HAD TO FLIRT MY WAY OUT OF A
TICKET.
>> DID IT WORK?
I'M GONNA PRETEND YOU DIDN'T ASK
ME THAT.
>> SO, WHAT WAS THIS SECRET
MEETING YOU HAD TO RUN OFF TO?
>> I'VE DECIDED THAT I'M GOING
TO GET MY REAL ESTATE LICENSE.
>> OH, SO ARE YOU SAYING YOUR
GAMBLING DAYS ARE OVER?
>> NOT AT ALL, BUT I JUST
SERIOUSLY STARTED TO LOOK AT
MY FUTURE, AND I NEED SOME
STABILITY.
>> SO, WHAT MADE YOU CHOOSE REAL
ESTATE?
>> BECAUSE ALL REAL ESTATE
AGENTS DO IS WALK THROUGH HOUSES
DOING THEIR BEST VANNA WHITE
IMPRESSION AND TAKE HOME 6%.
SO, I'VE DONE THE MATH.
IF I FOCUS ON HIGH-END CLIENTS,
I CAN BRING HOME A HEFTY
COMMISSION AND STILL HAVE A LOT
OF FREE TIME.
>> GETTING YOUR REAL ESTATE
LICENSE IS NOT THAT EASY.
>> HMM.
>> IT'S NO SMALL COMMITMENT,
AND WE KNOW HOW YOU FEEL ABOUT
COMMITMENTS.
>> THEN WHY DO YOU HAVE TO RUIN
A PERFECTLY GOOD CONVERSATION BY
BRINGING UP THAT WORD?
>> YOU GUYS, DARRYL JUST AGREED
TO GO TO MARRIAGE COUNSELING
WITH ME.
>> OH!
>> THAT'S THE FIRST STEP, RIGHT?
>> HONEY, THAT IS GREAT.
THAT MEANS HE'S AT LEAST WILLING
TO GET ON THE ROAD TO
FORGIVENESS.
>> LET ME KEEP IT REAL.
YOU'VE BEEN SPENDING A LOT OF
ENERGY TRYING TO GET DARRYL TO
GO TO COUNSELING, BUT ARE YOU
READY?
>> AM I READY?
YES, KEISHA, I'M READY.
I WANT MY HUSBAND BACK.
>> I KNOW, BUT IT'S GONNA GET
DEEP.
HE'S GONNA GET MAD ALL OVER
AGAIN.
>> KEISHA, DON'T TALK HER OUT OF
IT.
SHE'S DOING THE RIGHT THING.
>> I'M ON APRIL'S SIDE.
I JUST WANT HER TO BE PREPARED.
>> WELL, THANK YOU, KEISHA.
I WOULD DO THE SAME FOR YOU.
>> I KNOW, BUT I WOULDN'T HAVE
GOTTEN CAUGHT, SO YOU WOULDN'T
HAVE TO.
[laughter]
>> STUPID.
>> HELLO, LADIES.
KEISHA, CAN I TALK TO YOU FOR A
MINUTE?
>> I DON'T HAVE A MINUTE.
>> PLEASE?
>> YOUR MINUTE HAS ALREADY
STARTED.
>> [laughs]
OKAY.
I WAS GONNA CALL YOU TODAY AND
THEN YOU JUST WALKED IN.
IT'S FUNNY, RIGHT?
>> I'M NOT LAUGHING, BUT I'M
HAPPY I COULD SAVE YOU THE
TROUBLE.
WHAT EXACTLY WERE YOU GONNA SAY?
>> WAIT A MINUTE.
WHAT'S UP WITH ALL THIS
ATTITUDE?
ARE YOU MAD AT ME?
>> ARE YOU JOKING?
TWO WEEKS AGO, I WAS AT YOUR
HOUSE, IN YOUR BED, DOING THINGS
THAT WOULD MAKE HALF THE PEOPLE
IN THIS RESTAURANT BLUSH.
THEN YOU STOP RETURNING MY PHONE
CALLS AND YOU HAVE THE AUDACITY
TO ASK ME WHY I HAVE AN
ATTITUDE?
YOU ARE A PIECE OF WORK.
>> OKAY, FOR ONE, I'VE BEEN
BUSY.
I WAS TRAVELING, KEISHA, AND
JUST--JUST DOING MY THING.
SO WE'VE BEEN OUT OF TOUCH FOR A
FEW DAYS.
BIG DEAL.
WHY ARE YOU TRIPPIN'?
I WAS GONNA CALL YOU.
>> YOU'RE RIGHT, I'M TRIPPIN'.
DO ME A FAVOR.
LOSE MY NUMBER, BECAUSE I'M
DAMN SURE GONNA LOSE YOURS.
>> ARE YOU OKAY?
>> MM-HMM.
>> AND WHO'S THAT CHICK?
>> WHO CARES?
WE'RE DONE.
I'M FINE.
>> HOW CAN YOU BE FINE WITH
THAT, KEISHA?
YOU LIKE HIM.
>> WHY COULDN'T HE HAVE JUST
CALLED?
IT DRIVES ME CRAZY WITH GUYS.
COMMUNICATE.
>> YOU GUYS ARE TOO SENSITIVE.
YOU LET YOUR EMOTIONS RULE YOU.
I'M A BIG GIRL.
I KNEW WHAT I GOT MYSELF INTO
WHEN I SLEPT WITH MALCOLM.
WE MADE NO PROMISES.
MMM, THIS CRAB CAKE IS GOOD.
>> VAL, HAVE YOU SEEN THIS?
GRETCHEN DAYTON AND THE PLASTIC
SURGEON SETTLED THEIR DIVORCE.
>> FINALLY!
SHE CAN PAY HER TAB.
SHE OWES ME MORE THAN 10 Gs.
>> I NEVER UNDERSTOOD THE
CONCEPT OF A TAB.
IF YOU TAKE THE MERCHANDISE, YOU
SHOULD HAVE TO PAY FOR THE
MERCHANDISE.
>> IT'S A COURTESY I EXTEND TO
MY WEALTHY CLIENTS TO KEEP THEM
COMING BACK.
PLUS, I FELT SORRY FOR HER.
HER ASSETS WERE FROZEN.
>> THEN SHE SHOULD STOP SHOPPING
UNTIL THEY THAW OUT.
>> OH, THEY'VE THAWED.
IT SAYS HERE ON
NECOLEBITCHIE.COM, SHE WAS
AWARDED $8.3 MILLION.
>> OOH-WHOO!
IT PAYS TO LIVE UNHAPPILY EVER
AFTER.
[laughs]
OMAR, WHY DO YOU KEEP STARING AT
ME?
>> I'VE JUST NEVER SEEN YOU WITH
A BOOK.
>> OKAY, KEISHA'S GETTING HER
REAL ESTATE LICENSE AND WE
SHOULD SUPPORT HER ENDEAVOR.
>> I DO SUPPORT HER.
I JUST DIDN'T KNOW SHE COULD
READ.
I'M IMPRESSED.
>> ACTUALLY, OMAR, YOU WERE MY
INSPIRATION.
I LOOKED AT YOUR LIFE AND
DECIDED I CAN'T POSSIBLY GET
STUCK WHERE YOU ARE, SO THANK
YOU.
>> WHOA.
>> OH. HI.
CAN I HELP YOU?
>> YEAH, I'M HERE FOR THE
INTERNSHIP.
I CAME OVER FROM THE ART
INSTITUTE.
>> YEAH, BUT I JUST CALLED AN
HOUR AGO.
THE INTERVIEWS DON'T START UNTIL
TOMORROW.
>> RIGHT.
I TOOK YOUR CALL.
I FIGURED WHY WAIT WHEN I
ALREADY KNOW I'D BE A GREAT
ASSET TO YOU?
>> REALLY?
HOW SO?
>> NOT ONLY AM I A FASHION
STYLIST, I DO NAILS AND HAIR.
I COULD HOOK YOUR MANNEQUINS UP,
DRESS THEM, MINX THE NAILS, DO
SOME HAIR ART LIKE ANIMALS AND
BASKETS OR CAR EMBLEMS.
>> I'M REALLY GONNA HAVE TO
THINK ABOUT THAT.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR COMING IN.
OH.
STOP IT.
>> CAR EMBLEMS.
>> MOVE.
>> PLEASE HIRE HER.
FOR ME.
>> HI, I'M LOOKING FOR VAL.
>> YOU'RE HIRED.
SHE'S THAT WAY.
>> THANK YOU.
>> MM-HMM.
>> HI. VAL?
>> YEAH?
>> I'M BLAKE.
YOUR FRIEND APRIL SENT ME.
I'M IN TOWN FOR THE NEXT FEW
DAYS AND SHE TOLD ME I SHOULD
STOP BY AND MEET YOU.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT I'M
TALKING ABOUT, DO YOU?
>> IT'S VERY NICE TO MEET YOU,
BLAKE, AND I HOPE YOU'RE NOT TOO
ATTACHED TO APRIL BECAUSE I'M
GONNA KILL HER.
>> IT'S MY FAULT.
I'VE BEEN HAVING BAD LUCK WITH
WOMEN AND SHE SAID THAT SHE HAD
A BEAUTIFUL FRIEND THAT WAS IN
THE SAME BOAT WITH MEN, SO IT
WAS MY BRIGHT IDEA TO HAVE HER
HOOK US UP.
>> WELL, I'M FLATTERED, BUT I'VE
KIND OF BEEN PUT ON THE SPOT
NOW, SO...
>> WELL, SHE MAY HAVE BEEN WRONG
TO SEND ME HERE BUT, UH, GO EASY
ON APRIL.
SHE MEANT WELL.
AND OH, BY THE WAY, THIS STORE
IS AMAZING.
I LOVE ALL THE WINDOWS.
IT ALMOST BRINGS THE OUTSIDE
INSIDE, LIKE IT'S ONE BIG SPACE.
PRETTY COOL.
>> THAT'S EXACTLY WHY I BOUGHT
IT.
ARE YOU INTO ARCHITECTURE?
>> NO.
[laughs]
I JUST HAVE AN AFFINITY FOR
ELEGANT THINGS.
>> SO, WHAT BRINGS YOU TO
ATLANTA ANYWAY?
>> I'M INTERVIEWING AT
BACCHANALIA.
I'M A CHEF.
>> THAT'S ONE OF MY FAVORITE
RESTAURANTS.
>> NICE.
>> WAIT A SECOND.
YOU DON'T JUST INTERVIEW WHEN
YOU'RE A CHEF.
YOU HAVE TO DO A TASTING.
SO, WHAT'S ON THE MENU?
>> HOW ABOUT I COOK IT FOR YOU
TOMORROW NIGHT?
YOU CAN BE MY CRITIC.
>> CAREFUL WHAT YOU ASK FOR.
>> * I WON'T GIVE YOU *
* SATISFACTION *
>> * IT'S TIME TO REBOOT *
* I'VE GOTTA CHARGE MY BATTERY *
* I DONE DANCED SO MUCH *
* I'M ALMOST ON EMPTY *
* IT HAPPENS EVERY TIME *
* I HEAR THE BEAT *
* TIME TO REBOOT *
* IT'S TIME TO REBOOT *
* REBOOT *
* LET ME IN *
>> HEY, MARION JONES OVER THERE,
SLOW UP, SLOW UP.
HOLD ON ONE SECOND.
ALL THAT RUNNING YOU'RE DOING IS
DEFINITELY WORKING.
MIND IF I HOLLER AT YOU FOR A
SECOND?
ALL RIGHT, SO CHECK IT OUT.
WHEN'S THE LAST TIME YOU HEARD
SOME MUSIC THAT CHANGED YOUR
LIFE?
>> JUST NOW WHEN I WAS LISTENING
TO PHARRELL.
>> I LIKE PHARRELL.
YOU KNOW, HE'S REAL COOL BUT,
UH, YOU KNOW, HE AIN'T GOT
NOTHIN' ON, YOU KNOW, MAC
MILLER, YOU KNOW WHAT I'M
SAYIN'?
AND I CAN PROVE IT RIGHT NOW,
$5.00.
>> UH, THAT'S OKAY, I'M GOOD.
THANKS, THOUGH.
>> I'M GOOD.
BUT YOU AIN'T GONNA KNOW THAT
UNLESS YOU BUY MY CD.
COME ON, GIVE IT A CHANCE.
WHAT YOU GOT TO LOSE?
>> $5.00.
>> ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT, ALLOW
ME.
HOLD UP.
JUST--JUST SIT TIGHT, OKAY?
OKAY, JUST CHECKING.
* FIRST NAME MAC *
* AND MY LAST NAME MILLER *
* I'MA BE SOMEONE MONSTER *
* ILLER THAN GODZILLA *
* YEAH, MY SKIN VANILLA *
* I'M HOTTER THAN CHINCHILLAS *
* HITTIN' VEGAS FOR THE NIGHT *
* IN CAPA VILLA *
>> ALL RIGHT.
>> I GOT YOU A LITTLE TASTE.
JUST A LITTLE.
THAT'S ALL I'MA GIVE YOU.
>> ALL RIGHT.
>> YOU KNOW?
OKAY, YOU GOT IT RIGHT THERE.
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT, YOU JUST
ENJOY THAT, ALL RIGHT?
PEACE AND THANK YOU.
>> * WHEN YOU CANDIDATE *
* OPPONENTS GIVE A [...] *
* ABOUT A BUDGET *
* WHEN YOU WORK WITH ME *
* THE SUBJECT OF DISCUSSION *
* BUT IT'S NOTHIN' *
* WHEN YOU STOP AND JUST SAY *
* 'CAUSE YOU WALKIN' *
* OUT IN PUBLIC *
* AND YOU WAVE *
* I JUST WANT TO RAP, RAP *
* THROUGH THE CITY *
* IN A CUTLASS *
* ON A [...] *
* SOMEWHERE GET MY NEW KISS *
* THAT'S THE WAY IT GOES *
* WHEN YOU PARTY *
* JUST LIKE I DO *
>> WAIT! MAC!
[honks horn]
>> * PISS ME OFF *
* IN HIGH SCHOOL *
* TAKE OVER THE WORLD *
* WHEN I'M ON MY DONALD TRUMP *
* LOOK AT ALL THIS MONEY *
* AIN'T THAT SOMETHIN'? *
* TAKE OVER THE WORLD *
* WHEN I'M ON MY DONALD TRUMP *
* LOOK AT ALL THIS MONEY *
* AIN'T THAT A... *
>> WHAT DO I NEED TO DO TO GET
THIS GIG?
>> YOU COULD START BY NOT
CREEPIN' UP ON PEOPLE.
>> SORRY.
I'M CHRISTINA.
I'M FROM THE FASHION AND ART
INSTITUTE.
I WAS SUPPOSED TO HAVE AN
INTERNSHIP, LIKE, TWO WEEKS AGO.
THIS IS ONE OF THE FEW PAID
ONES, SO IF I DON'T GET IT, THEN
MY ASS IS GONNA BE PUSHING
TUXEDO-STRIPED KHAKIS AT OLD
NAVY.
COME ON, ALL RIGHT?
LOOK AT HER.
SHE DOES NOT NEED THIS
INTERNSHIP LIKE I DO.
SHE'S A RICH BUCKHEAD SNOB.
HER, SERIOUSLY, SHE'S SO
UPTIGHT.
I HATE HER.
DO YOU WANT TO WORK WITH SOMEONE
LIKE HER OR DO YOU WANT TO WORK
WITH SOMEONE WHO CAN PUT YOU IN
A PAIR OF LANVIN PYTHON
SNEAKERS?
10 1/2?
>> FOR FREE?
>> MM-HMM.
>> AND YOU'LL DO ALL THE STUFF
AROUND HERE I HATE?
SWEEP? GET LUNCH?
>> WHATEVER YOU SAY.
>> SHE'S A COMPLIMENT WHORE.
OH, WAIT, THAT'S ME.
SHE'S A FASHION NERD.
IF YOU TELL HER THE HISTORY OF
ANY PIECE OF CLOTHING, SHE'LL
DAMN NEAR HAVE AN ORGASM.
SHE'S A LITTLE OCD TOO, SO A
PLACE FOR EVERYTHING, EVERYTHING
IN ITS PLACE.
>> IT'S GOOD LOOKING OUT.
>> 10 1/2.
DON'T PLAY WITH MY FEELINGS.
>> WELL, YOU'VE GOT GREAT WORK
EXPERIENCE, BUT I DON'T SEE ANY
REFERENCES.
>> YEAH, NO, THAT'S BECAUSE, UM,
THEY SAY THAT EVERYTHING SHOULD
FIT ON ONE PAGE.
THAT'S HOW IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE
DONE.
>> SO, ZERO REFERENCES?
>> I HAVE REFERENCES.
I JUST--I DON'T AGREE WITH THEM.
>> OH.
[laughs]
>> LOOK, I'M GONNA DO A KICK-ASS
JOB.
I'M A HARD WORKER, I LEARN FAST,
AND I HAVE REALLY GOOD TASTE.
CLEARLY.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR COMING
IN.
I REALLY APPRECIATE IT.
>> HEY, VAL, I WANT YOU TO MEET
MY NEW ARTIST, MAC MILLER.
THIS DUDE IS GONNA BE THE
BIGGEST THING OUT THERE.
>> WHOA, BACK UP.
YOU GOT YOUR PROMOTION TO A&R?
>> NOT YET, BUT WHEN MAC IS
INTRODUCED TO MY BOSS, THERE'S
NO WAY I WON'T.
BUT HE NEEDS A NEW LOOK.
>> I KEEP TELLING THIS GIRL I
GOT HOODIES IN EVERY COLOR.
I'M GOOD.
>> LET ME TRY.
>> WHAT?
>> NEW GIRL?
>> NO. NO.
I WAS JUST INTERVIEWING INTERNS.
SHE WAS JUST LEAVING.
>> HOW ABOUT THIS?
IF YOU'RE NOT THOROUGHLY
IMPRESSED, THEN I'LL GET OUT OF
YOUR HAIR.
PROMISE.
>> VAL, SHE'S BOLD, BRAZEN,
OVERLY-CONFIDENT, BUT THERE'S
SOMETHING ABOUT HER.
WHY DON'T YOU JUST GIVE HER A
CHANCE?
>> PLEASE?
>> YOU HAVE ONE SHOT.
GO.
>> [squeals]
COME WITH ME.
>> GIRL, I DON'T KNOW HOW I LET
YOU TALK ME INTO GOING TONIGHT
WHEN I HAVE ALL THIS STUDYING TO
DO.
>> PLEASE, I CAME OVER HERE TO
BORROW A PURSE TO GO TO A PARTY
AND YOU START GETTING READY.
>> YOU SAID IT WAS FOR THE
MILLIONAIRES OF ATLANTA, SO
WHAT KIND OF FRIEND WOULD I BE
TO SEND YOU OVER THERE BY
YOURSELF?
>> I JUST HOPE THERE'S SOME
CUTIES THERE.
UM, WHAT'S UP WITH YOU AND MR.
MALCOLM?
>> NADA, ZERO, ZILCH.
IT MIGHT BE COLD.
I'MA WEAR THIS.
>> YOU KNOW HE MIGHT BE THERE.
>> HUH.
>> TING!
>> AH!
[laughs]
>> YES, SIR.
[both laugh]
THAT'S THE ONE.
>> OH, THAT'S CUTE, HUH?
>> UH-HUH.
>> ARE YOU WAITING FOR AN
INVITATION?
TAKE YOUR PANTS OFF.
>> STRAIGHT-LEG DRESS PANTS, NOT
FOR ME.
>> I REALLY NEED YOU TO DO THIS
JUST TRUST ME.
PLEASE, TAKE 'EM OFF.
DUDE, YOU DON'T HAVE ANYTHING I
HAVEN'T SEEN BEFORE.
>> THAT'S WHAT I WAS HOPING FOR
TOO.
>> [laughs]
>> YOU GUYS READY?
>> GIRL, YOU KEEP PLAYING, YOU
GONNA GET MORE THAN A JOB.
>> NICE.
>> I LIKE IT.
>> WELCOME ABOARD, CHRISTINA.
>> YOU OWE ME, YOU OWE ME.
[overlapping chatter]
[laughter]
>> SO, BLAKE, HOW DID YOU GET
INTERESTED IN COOKING?
>> ACTUALLY, IT'S A REALLY FUNNY
STORY.
MY PARENTS AND BLAKE'S PARENTS
WERE, UM--WAIT, NO, NO, NO.
THAT'S NOT IT.
WAIT, WHAT WAS IT?
WHAT WAS IT?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
BLAKE TELLS IT SO MUCH BETTER
THAN I DO, SO I'M GONNA GO--
>> CATCH A MOVIE?
>> YES.
>> GREAT IDEA.
>> OKAY.
>> OKAY. BYE NOW.
>> BYE.
>> [laughs] OKAY, BYE.
WELL, ACTUALLY, FROM A YOUNG
AGE, I WAS SO FINICKY, I
WOULDN'T EVEN EAT FISH STICKS.
I WANTED BAKED CRAB AND STUFFED
TROUT.
[laughs]
I WAS A BOUGIE LITTLE KID.
>> OH.
>> OH, NO, NO, NO.
>> WHAT?
>> LOOSEN YOUR GRIP.
HERE.
>> OH.
>> YEAH.
>> OKAY.
>> HAVE FUN WITH IT.
MM-HMM.
>> LIKE THAT?
>> MM-HMM.
>> OKAY.
>> MUCH BETTER.
AND THEN I STUDIED AT LE CORDON
BLEU IN PARIS AND LATER AT THE
ITALIAN CULINARY ACADEMY IN
ITALY.
>> HMM.
>> HAVE YOU EVER BEEN TO ITALY?
>> OH, I LOVE ITALY.
MILAN IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE
CITIES IN THE WORLD.
>> TRY THIS.
>> MMM!
OH, MY GOD.
YOU ALMOST LOST A FINGER ON
THAT, THAT'S SO GOOD.
>> [laughs]
THAT'S EXACTLY WHY I COOK.
I LOVE THE LOOK ON SOMEONE'S
FACE WHEN THEY TAKE A BITE OF
SOMETHING I'VE MADE AND THEY'RE
IN HEAVEN.
>> MMM!
>> I KNOW I DID THAT.
>> * YOU SEE ME ROLLING UP *
* IN MY MERCEDES *
* BEEN HANGING DOWN MY WAY *
* MUCH MORE THAN LATELY *
* I KNOW THE SCENE *
>> LOOK OVER THERE, 12:00.
ALL THAT FINENESS.
WHOO!
WHAT I WOULD DO.
>> I CAN'T LOOK RIGHT NOW.
MY CLOCK STOPPED AT 9:00 AND MY
ALARM IS GOING OFF.
>> UM, I THINK YOU MIGHT FIND
3:00 INTERESTING TOO.
>> NOT AT ALL.
BUT BACK TO YOU AND THIS
CELIBACY KICK YOU'RE ON.
THE ONLY THING YOU WOULD DO WITH
ALL THAT FINENESS IS GET BOTH
OF YOU ALL HOT AND BOTHERED.
>> CELIBACY IS A SPIRITUAL
JOURNEY.
YOU SHOULD TRY IT SOMETIME.
>> IT'S A TORTUROUS JOURNEY, AND
I DON'T LIKE TO TRAVEL ALONE.
[laughs]
>> HI, I'M ALEX.
I DON'T HAVE ANY KIDS, I DON'T
EAT ANY PORK, I DON'T SMOKE, I
DON'T DRINK, I'M FINANCIALLY
STABLE, AND I'M FIT, AND MOST OF
ALL, I'M PACKING.
I THINK THAT MEETS ALL YOUR
REQUIREMENTS.
CAN WE TALK?
>> I DON'T KNOW WHAT MADE YOU
THINK THAT YOU COULD APPROACH ME
WITH THAT.
>> BUT YOU SAID YOU LIKE TO--
>> I KNOW I SAID IT ON MY SHOW,
BUT DAMN, DUDE, HAVE SOME GAME.
IS--IS IT ME?
>> [laughs]
>> NO, SERIOUSLY, I JUST NEED TO
KNOW.
I MEAN, AM I GIVING OFF
SOMETHING?
>> [laughs]
>> I HOPE I'M NOT BEING TOO
FORWARD, BUT I WOULD LOVE TO GET
YOU A DRINK.
>> WELL, MY MOTHER TOLD ME TO
NEVER ACCEPT A DRINK FROM A
STRANGER, SO YOU CAN START BY
TELLING ME YOUR NAME.
>> IT'S WINSTON.
AND YOU ARE?
>> KEISHA.
AND I'D LOVE A VODKA CRANBERRY.
>> CAN I GET A SCOTCH AND SODA
AND A CRANBERRY AND VODKA FOR
THE LADY?
SO TELL ME, DO YOU HAVE
ANYONE SPECIAL IN YOUR LIFE
RIGHT NOW?
UH, I WOULDN'T WANT TO BE
DISRESPECTFUL.
>> I CAN ASSURE YOU THAT THERE
IS ABSOLUTELY NO ONE SPECIAL IN
MY LIFE.
>> DAMN.
I DON'T KNOW IF I SHOULD FEEL
HAPPY FOR ME OR SORRY FOR YOU,
BUT I DO FEEL LUCKY.
>> WHY IS THAT?
>> BECAUSE I'VE BEEN WATCHING
GUYS STRIKE OUT WITH YOU ALL
NIGHT.
BUT FOR SOME REASON, YOU HAVEN'T
SENT ME AWAY.
>> YOU HAVEN'T GIVEN ME A REASON
TO YET.
>> AND I DON'T PLAN ON IT.
>> I DON'T THINK I'VE SEEN A
WOMAN CAPTURE YOUR ATTENTION
LIKE THIS BEFORE.
>> WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT,
POP?
>> OH, COME ON, SON.
I KNOW YOU, BOY.
YOU'VE BEEN STARING OVER THERE
AT THAT WOMAN ALL NIGHT LONG,
AND YOU'RE DRINKING MORE THAN
USUAL.
NOW, WHO IS SHE?
>> KEISHA GREENE.
SOMEONE I'VE BEEN TRYING TO STOP
THINKING ABOUT.
>> AH, BUT IT'S NOT WORKING, I
SEE.
>> THERE'S JUST SOMETHING ABOUT
HER.
>> MAYBE YOU NEED TO EXPLORE
WHAT THAT SOMETHING IS INSTEAD
OF RUNNING.
>> I DON'T KNOW.
I LIKE MY FREEDOM, YOU KNOW?
PLUS, THERE ARE STILL SOME
QUESTIONS THAT I HAVE ABOUT HER
THAT HAVEN'T BEEN ANSWERED.
>> LOOK, I KNOW HOW IT IS,
RUNNING WITH THIS ONE AND THAT
ONE.
BUT AFTER A WHILE, IT GOT OLD.
THEN I MET YOU MA AND I MESSED
THAT UP 'CAUSE OF HOW I LIKED MY
FREEDOM.
>> I GOT THIS, POPS, OKAY?
I'M COOL.
>> READY, GIRL?
LOOK, I KNOW EVERYONE'S GOT TO
MAKE THEIR OWN MISTAKES, AND
YOU'RE NO DIFFERENT.
I'LL CHECK YOU LATER.
>> YOU DON'T HAVE TO HELP ME.
YOU COOKED EVERYTHING.
THE LEAST I CAN DO IS CLEAN.
>> I DON'T MIND DOING DISHES.
PLUS, IT'S AN EXCUSE TO SPEND A
LITTLE MORE TIME WITH YOU.
>> [laughs] OKAY, GOOD.
HOW ABOUT I WASH, YOU DRY?
>> UH, I'D RATHER HELP YOU WASH.
I MEAN, THERE ARE A LOT OF DIRTY
DISHES.
>> UH, I LIKE THAT IDEA.
SO TELL ME, HOW DOES A MAN WHO'S
HANDSOME, TALENTED, AND
WELL-TRAVELED STAY SINGLE?
>> WELL, I HAVEN'T MET THE RIGHT
WOMAN YET.
>> SORRY ABOUT THAT.
>> OH.
>> I RAN INTO A COLLEAGUE ON THE
WAY BACK FROM THE BATHROOM.
>> OH, NO PROBLEM.
YOU WERE TELLING ME ABOUT
MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS?
>> YEAH.
>> WHAT IS THAT EXACTLY?
>> WELL, BASICALLY, MY JOB IS TO
ASSESS THE TRUE VALUE OF A
COMPANY IN ORDER TO DETERMINE
WHETHER IT'S WORTH TAKING OVER.
>> HMM.
THAT SOUNDS LIKE SOMETHING I'D
BE GOOD AT.
>> REALLY?
>> ABSOLUTELY.
ASSESSING AND TAKING OVER, I'M
DOING THAT RIGHT NOW.
[both laugh]
>> YOU'RE FUNNY.
I'VE NEVER HAD A LADY SAY THAT
TO ME.
I LIKE YOU.
I'M JUST WONDERING IF THE
FEELING IS MUTUAL.
>> STILL ASSESSING.
>> I'LL HAVE A MADRAS, PLEASE.
>> OH, PLEASE, SIT.
I'LL STAND.
>> THANK YOU.
>> HOW REFRESHING.
A REAL GENTLEMAN.
>> THERE ARE A FEW OF US LEFT.
I WAS WONDERING IF YOU'D LIKE TO
SPEND A LITTLE MORE TIME WITH ME
LATER ON THIS EVENING?
>> AFTER THIS PARTY IS OVER, I'M
GOING HOME TO TAKE A LONG, HOT
BUBBLE BATH.
>> WHY DON'T WE TAKE THAT LONG,
HOT BUBBLE BATH TOGETHER?
>> WHOA, SLOW DOWN.
YOU DON'T KNOW ME LIKE THAT.
>> I'LL GIVE YOU $10,000.
>> WHY WOULD YOU GIVE ME $10--
WAIT, YOU THINK I'M A--?
OH, HELL NO.
>> KEISHA, I'M A WEALTHY MAN
ACCUSTOMED TO GETTING WHAT I
WANT, AND I DON'T MIND PAYING
FOR IT.
I THOUGHT YOU'D BE FLATTERED.
HERE'S A DOWN PAYMENT.
THINK ABOUT IT.
I'LL BE AT THE EMPIRE FOR A
COUPLE OF NIGHTS.
>> * I MET THIS GIRL *
* NAMED RADIO *
* SAID HER SIGNAL WAS LOW *
* SHE WASN'T GETTING *
* MY SOUND *
* SHE KEPT THE VOLUME DOWN *
* I TOLD HER *
* TURN UP THE BASS *
* BASS *
* AND THEN SHE KISSED ME *
* IN MY FACE, FACE, FACE *
* I TOLD HER I HAD A GIRL *
* THAT MEANT THE WORLD TO ME *
* SHE JUST LOOKED ME *
* UP AND DOWN *
>> EXCUSE ME, MISS.
LOOK, I'M NEW, SO I DON'T REALLY
KNOW ALL THE RULES, BUT I'M
PRETTY SURE IF YOU'RE JUST GONNA
SIT HERE ALL DAY, YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO BUY SOMETHING.
>> WHO THE HELL IS SHE?
>> OH, THIS IS MY NEW INTERN
CHRISTINA.
CHRISTINA, THIS IS KEISHA, MY
BEST FRIEND.
SHE'S BEEN HELPING OUT HERE
EVERY DAY AS A FAVOR.
>> BUT SINCE SHE'S NEVER DONE
MUCH MORE THAN THIS, VAL HAD TO
BITE THE BULLET AND PAY SOMEONE.
THAT'S WHY YOU'RE HERE.
>> I'M GLAD YOU GUYS GOT IT
WORKED OUT.
>> WELL, IT WAS NICE TO MEET
YOU, KEISHA.
>> I'LL MAKE SURE I KEEP ALL THE
CUSTOMERS OFF THE COUCH FOR YOU.
>> I LIKE THIS GIRL.
SHE'S GOT POTENTIAL.
SO VAL, I DIDN'T HEAR ANY
SCREAMS OF PASSION COMING FROM
YOUR ROOM LAST NIGHT.
>> NO, BUT I DID HAVE TO CALL
APRIL THIS MORNING AND THANK HER
FOR INTRODUCING ME TO BLAKE.
I MEAN, IT WAS THE PERFECT
EVENING.
HE'S FUNNY, SEXY, AND HE CAN
COOK HIS ASS OFF.
>> HUH.
DID YOU KISS HIM?
>> WE KISSED ALL OVER THE
KITCHEN, ALL OVER THE LIVING
ROOM, AT THE FRONT DOOR THE
WHOLE TIME WE WERE SAYING
GOOD-BYE.
>> IF YOU WERE A GUY, THAT STORY
WOULD BE SO HOT.
>> SO VAL, IF IT WAS THAT GOOD,
WHY DO YOU LOOK SO SAD?
>> BECAUSE I LIKE HIM.
HE DOESN'T LIVE HERE, SO WE'RE
NOT BUILDING TO ANYTHING.
WHAT I WANT IS SO CLOSE YET SO
FAR AWAY.
>> THANKS FOR SPOILING A
SEMI-HOT STORY.
SO, HOW WAS THAT PARTY I WASN'T
INVITED TO?
>> IT WAS COOL.
I MET A VERY SWEET, WEALTHY MAN
WHO WINED AND DINED ME ALL NIGHT
LONG AND THEN OFFERED ME $10,000
TO SLEEP WITH HIM.
>> WHAT?
WHAT AN ASS.
>> FORGET THAT.
HOW WAS THE SEX?
>> I WOULDN'T KNOW.
I DIDN'T DO IT.
BUT HE TOLD ME TO KEEP THE MONEY
WHILE I THINK ABOUT IT, SO I'M
THINKING ABOUT HOW I'M GONNA
SPEND IT.
JERK.
>> I CANNOT BELIEVE HE THOUGHT
HE COULD BUY YOU.
IDIOT.
>> WHY IS HE AN IDIOT?
WOMEN TRADE SEX FOR STUFF ALL
THE TIME.
>> EXCUSE ME?
>> WOMEN ALWAYS WANT GUYS TO
SPEND MONEY ON THEM, AND
YOU'LL GLADLY ACCEPT KNOWING
THAT SEX IS HIS AGENDA, BUT IF
HE JUST WANTS TO GIVE YOU THE
MONEY UP FRONT, YOU GET
OFFENDED?
>> RIGHT, BECAUSE THAT'S
PROSTITUTION, NOT DATING.
>> I DON'T SEE THE DIFFERENCE.
>> OMAR, THERE IS A HUGE
DIFFERENCE.
>> WHY?
YOU SAID HE WAS HANDSOME AND
CHARMING AND EVERYTHING WAS GOOD
UNTIL HE OFFERED YOU THE MONEY.
>> MM-HMM.
>> BUT IF HE WERE TO TAKE YOU
OUT ON THREE OR FOUR DATES,
SPEND THE SAME $10,000, HE'D BE
THE MAN OF YOUR DREAMS, NOT A
JERK.
>> THE DIFFERENCE IS, WHEN YOU
DATE A GUY, IF YOU GIVE IT UP TO
HIM, IT'S ON YOUR TERMS.
IF THEY WANT TO SPEND MONEY IN
THE HOPES OF GETTING IT, PFFT,
THAT'S ON THEM.
>> THAT'S TRUE, KEISHA, BUT COME
ON.
THERE'S ONLY SO MUCH YOU CAN
ACCEPT BEFORE HE EXPECTS
SOMETHING IN RETURN.
>> AND YOU DID KEEP THE MONEY,
KEISHA.
>> I KEPT THE MONEY TO TEACH HIM
A LESSON.
>> HOW IS HE LEARNING A LESSON?
HE PROBABLY THINKS YOU'RE
GETTING WAXED FOR HIM RIGHT NOW.
>> WHERE DID YOU SUDDENLY GET
ALL THIS TESTOSTERONE FROM?
GO ACCESSORIZE SOMEBODY.
>> HERE COMES THE DIVORCED RICH
BITCH.
HEY, BEAUTIFUL.
>> HEY, VAL.
>> HI.
>> I HAVE A SHIRT ON HOLD THAT I
NEED TO PICK UP TODAY.
>> I'LL GET IT.
THIS IS GONNA LOOK SO GOOD ON
YOU.
>> I KNOW.
I LOVE IT SO MUCH, I HAD TO HAVE
IT IN EVERY COLOR.
>> OKAY, THAT'S $584.34.
>> JUST PUT IT ON MY TAB, WILL
YOU?
>> WELL, UH, WAIT, GRETCHEN.
ACTUALLY, MY POLICY IS TO SETTLE
AT THE END OF EVERY MONTH, AND
IT'S BEEN THREE MONTHS, SO I'D
APPRECIATE IT IF YOU--
>> NEXT TIME, BABE.
I'M SUPER LATE FOR AN
APPOINTMENT.
>> OKAY.
>> "SUPER LATE FOR AN
APPOINTMENT."
SHE'S SUPER PLAYING YOU, VAL.
ONE IN EVERY COLOR.
SHE'S A TRIP.
>> IT'S OKAY.
I'M SURE SHE'LL PAY THE NEXT
TIME SHE COMES IN.
>> IF I'M HERE, SHE DEFINITELY
WILL.
>> * WHOO-WHEE *
* BACK IN 1984 *
* A CHILD CAME LOW AND ALONE *
* LO AND BEHOLD, I WAS FRESH *
>> UH, YEAH. YEAH.
I--YEAH.
I FINALLY--I FINALLY WATCHED THE
VIDEO AND, UH, I HEAR THAT YOU
LOVE IT.
YEAH, THAT'S INTERESTING BECAUSE
I HATE IT.
DANTE HANDLES IT FROM HERE.
YOU ANSWER TO HIM NOW, OKAY?
I MEAN, CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS
KID?
AFTER HE'S SPENT 300 GRAND ON A
VIDEO THAT NO ONE WILL EVER SEE.
JOSEPH KAHN WOULD HAVE KILLED
THIS VIDEO.
APRIL, GET KAHN ON THE PHONE.
>> WES, HEY, I KNOW YOU'RE BUSY,
BUT BEFORE I DO THAT, CAN I JUST
SAY SOMETHING?
I FOUND A RAPPER.
THIS KID IS LIKE A BABY BEASTIE
BOY.
HE'S GOT THIS EVERYDAY APPEAL
AND I THINK THAT THE URBAN
AUDIENCE IS GOING TO LOVE HIM.
I AM TELLING YOU, THIS KID IS A
STAR.
>> YEAH, YOU AND EVERY OTHER
ASSISTANT AT THE LABEL.
>> I DON'T HAVE TIME FOR THIS
RIGHT NOW, BABY, PLEASE.
>> WES, SERIOUSLY, YOU WANT TO
MEET THIS KID.
>> APRIL, YOU'RE MY GIRL AND
ALL, BUT YOU SHOULD STAY IN YOUR
LANE.
I THINK I HEAR PHONES RINGING.
>> WES, YOU SAID THAT IF I
BROUGHT IN TALENT THAT I COULD
MOVE UP TO A&R.
>> [groans]
>> ALL RIGHT, WELL, THEN YOU
WON'T MIND IF I TAKE HIM TO MY
FRIEND AT DEF JAM SOUTH?
>> ALL RIGHT, BRING HIM THROUGH
TOMORROW AT 2:00.
>> THANK YOU.
OH, NO, WAIT.
UM, CAN WE DO 3:00?
>> 2:00, APRIL.
ONE, TWO. 2:00, PLEASE.
>> LOOK AT HER, SO SWEET, SO
INNOCENT.
>> SO EASY.
A GUY BRINGS HER FLOWERS AND
SHE'S GONE.
YOU'D THINK HE BOUGHT HER A
MASERATI.
>> I KNEW IT WAS RISKY WHEN I
BOUGHT THE TICKETS WITHOUT
ASKING YOU, SO I'M GIVING YOU AN
OUT.
>> ARE YOU KIDDING?
I LOVE COLDPLAY.
I WOULD SING YELLOW FOR YOU, BUT
YOU'D NEVER SPEAK TO ME AGAIN.
>> GREAT, THEN IT'S A DATE.
AND AFTERWARDS, WE'LL CELEBRATE.
>> WHAT ARE WE CELEBRATING?
>> I GOT THE JOB.
>> [gasps]
YOU'RE MOVING TO ATLANTA?
THAT'S GREAT.
>> YEP.
SO, I'LL CALL YOU LATER.
I'VE GOT TO FIND A PLACE TO
LIVE.
>> OKAY.
>> ALL RIGHT.
>> WHAT'S UP, COLGATE?
>> SHUT UP.
BLAKE GOT THE JOB, AND IT LOOKS
LIKE I HAVE A NEW BOYFRIEND.
THAT DOESN'T GO THERE.
[click]
>> HEY!
>> HEY.
MMM, I THINK YOU COULD GO A SIZE
BIGGER.
I READ ABOUT YOUR DIVORCE.
I'M REALLY SORRY.
IT MUST HAVE BEEN TOUGH.
>> WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
>> YOU KNOW WHAT ELSE IS TOUGH?
WHEN A SMALL BUSINESSWOMAN'S
JUST TRYING TO STAY IN BUSINESS
AND THE NOUVEAU RICHE CHICKS
LIKE YOU DON'T PAY THEIR BILLS.
I MEAN, IT'D BE A SHAME IF
NECOLE BITCHIE GOT THE STORY
WITH PHOTOS.
>> ARE YOU CRAZY?
>> YEAH, I KIND OF AM.
>> GET OUT!
>> I'M GOIN'.
OH, AND, UM, AFTER YOU PAY UP,
NO HARD FEELINGS?
HERE.
I EVEN HAVE A SEXY TOP YOU CAN
ROCK WITH THOSE JEANS.
>> DID EVERYTHING WORK OUT?
>> THE NEW GIRL SHOOK ME DOWN,
TOLD ME IF I DIDN'T PAY MY TAB,
SHE'D TELL NECOLE BITCHIE.
>> [gasps] WHAT?
OH, GRETCHEN, THAT'S
INEXCUSABLE.
I CAN'T APOLOGIZE ENOUGH.
>> JUST PUT THE WHOLE THING ON
THERE.
>> YOU KNOW, SHE'S MY NEW
INTERN, BUT THAT IS NO EXCUSE.
I DO NOT TREAT MY CUSTOMERS THIS
WAY.
>> I SHOULD HOPE NOT.
>> CHRISTINA WILL BE DEALT WITH.
THIS WILL NEVER HAPPEN AGAIN.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I WILL JUST EMAIL YOU YOUR
RECEIPT.
AGAIN, I'M SO SORRY.
>> I KNOW.
I'M FIRED, HUH?
>> NOT THIS TIME, BUT DON'T LET
IT HAPPEN AGAIN.
>> APRIL HAS APOLOGIZED AND
ACCEPTED RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE
DAMAGE SHE'S DONE.
>> NICE OF HER.
>> DO YOU THINK THAT YOU COULD
EVER FIND IT IN YOURSELF TO
ACCEPT HER APOLOGY?
THERE MUST BE SOME REASON WHY
YOU CAME HERE TODAY, SOMETHING
THAT YOU WANTED TO HEAR OR TO
COMMUNICATE TO APRIL.
OKAY, WELL, I GUESS WE'LL END IT
HERE, THEN.
>> I MISS YOU, DARRYL.
I MISS US.
AND I KNOW THAT I HAVE NO RIGHT
TO EXPECT YOU TO FORGIVE ME.
I JUST HOPE YOU WILL.
>> I TRUSTED YOU.
THINGS WEREN'T PERFECT.
I FELT SOME DISTANCE, BUT I
FIGURED, WHATEVER SHE WAS GOING
THROUGH, WE'D GO THROUGH IT
TOGETHER.
I KNOW MARRIAGE ISN'T ALL HAPPY
ALL THE TIME.
IT'S GETTING THROUGH THE ROUGH
PATCHES THAT MAKES IT STRONGER.
THERE ARE A LOT OF WOMEN IN
ATLANTA, BUT NO WOMAN IN THE
WORLD COULD EVER MAKE ME CHEAT
ON YOU, HURT YOU, AND BETRAY
YOU.
BETRAY US.
>> AND I AM SO SORRY.
I MADE A MISTAKE.
>> I KEEP ASKING MYSELF,
HOW--HOW COULD SHE?
>> GOOD, DARRYL.
CONTINUE.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT GOING OVER
THE ALLOTTED TIME.
>> I FEEL LIKE SOMEONE YANKED MY
WORLD OUT FROM UNDER ME.
WHEN YOU THINK YOU KNOW SOMEONE
AND THEN ONE DAY YOU WAKE UP AND
THEY'VE DONE SOMETHING SO
REPREHENSIBLE, NOTHING MAKES
SENSE ANYMORE.
YOU HAVE TO RE-EVALUATE
EVERYTHING YOU'VE EVER BELIEVED
AND...
I DON'T KNOW WHERE TO BEGIN TO
TRY AND FORGIVE HER.
>> [laughs]
>> OH, MY GOD.
I'M SO SORRY I'M LATE.
OH, I KNEW IT.
I KNEW YOU'D LOVE MAC.
>> OH, HE'S AS GOOD AS YOU SAID.
BETTER.
WE SIGNED HIM.
>> CONGRATULATIONS.
>> THANK YOU.
THIS IS CRAZY.
THESE GUYS RIGHT HERE, THE
COOLEST.
GONNA GIVE ME PLAY.
>> HEY, THAT'S WHAT I LIKE TO
HEAR.
>> LET ME SHOW YOU SOMETHING.
>> SO, UH, WHAT'S THE NEXT STEP?
>> OH, NEXT WE MAKE SOME HITS.
DANTE ALREADY KNOWS WHICH
PRODUCERS HE WANTS TO PUT HIM IN
THE STUDIO WITH.
OH, BABY, NO WORRIES.
YOU'RE GONNA GET YOUR FINDER'S
FEE FOR BRINGING HIM IN.
>> A FINDER'S FEE?
WES, YOU SAID IF I BROUGHT IN AN
ARTIST, I COULD A&R THE PROJECT.
>> BUT YOU WEREN'T HERE.
I CLEAR MY BOOKS BECAUSE YOU'VE
BEGGED ME TO BRING THIS KID IN
AND IT'S NOT IMPORTANT ENOUGH
FOR YOU TO SHOW?
IF YOU'RE GONNA BE MAD, BE MAD
AT YOURSELF.
ALL RIGHT, COME ON, LET'S DO
THIS.
LET ME INTRODUCE YOU TO THE
BIG MIX FAMILY.
>> OH.
UH, THAT'S NOT GONNA HAPPEN FOR
A WHILE.
>> I'M SORRY.
YOU'RE JUST SO SEXY AND I REALLY
LIKE YOU.
IS THERE A CLAUSE IN THAT 90-DAY
RULE?
CAN I AT LEAST TELL YOU WHAT I
WANT TO DO TO YOU?
>> HMM.
I'M PULLING UP THE CONTRACT IN
MY HEAD AND, YEAH, I THINK THE
COURT WILL ALLOW IT.
>> [laughs]
>> [sighs]
>> RIGHT NOW I'M KISSING YOUR
BREAST.
>> OH.
>> AND NOW I'M GOING DOWN TO
YOUR BELLY BUTTON.
>> MMM.
>> AND NOW I'M HOLDING YOUR
THIGHS AND KISSING YOUR RIGHT
ONE.
>> MMM, I LIKE THAT.
TELL ME WHERE ELSE YOU WANT TO
KISS ME.
>> AND NOW...
>> UH-HUH.
>> I COME BACK UP TO YOUR MOUTH
AND I KISS YOU SOME MORE.
>> OH, WHY'D YOU COME BACK UP?
GO BACK DOWN.
I LIKE WHERE YOU WERE GOING.
>> SORRY.
>> THAT'S OKAY.
>> AND NOW I'M KISSING YOUR
LOWER BACK.
>> UH-HUH.
>> AND NOW I MOVE AROUND TO YOUR
HIPS.
YOU HAVE BEAUTIFUL HIPS.
>> BLAKE, YOU KNOW, YOU DON'T
HAVE TO BE A GENTLEMAN.
WE'RE JUST TALKING.
YOU CAN TELL ME HOW YOU WANT TO
KISS ME THERE.
>> MMM. MMM. MMM.
>> BLAKE?
>> YEAH.
UM, I DON'T DO THAT.
>> HUH?
WHY NOT?
>> WELL, THAT'S WHAT THIS IS
FOR.
THIS IS ALL A WOMAN NEEDS.
>> BUT WOULDN'T YOU WANT ME TO
DO THAT TO YOU?
>> OF COURSE.
IT'S NATURAL FOR A WOMAN TO DO
IT TO A MAN.
BUT ME?
NO.
I'M NOT DOING THAT.
IT'S UNMANLY.
>> [sighs]
>> YOU'RE SERIOUS?
THAT'S REALLY A DEAL-BREAKER?
>> ABSOLUTELY.
YOU HAVE TO GIVE TO RECEIVE.
>> [sighs]
>> HELLO, BEAUTIFUL.
I KNEW YOU'D COME.
>> YOU OWE ME AN APOLOGY.
>> NOTHING VENTURED, NOTHING
GAINED.
WHOA, KEISHA.
MY MONEY.
HEY.
YEAH, SHE BROUGHT IT.
YEAH, SHE'S GONE.
I'M RIGHT BEHIND YOU, MAN.
>> SURPRISING THING, RIGHT?
>> IT SURPRISED ME.
>> * WELL, I'M JUST GONNA LET *
* SOMETHING BRAND-NEW *
* HAPPEN TO ME *
* AND IT'S ALL RIGHT *
* IT'S ALL RIGHT *
>> I GAVE HIM BACK HIS MONEY.
I SKIMMED A LITTLE OFF THE TOP
FOR MY TROUBLE.
DRINKS ON ME, BY THE WAY.
BUT GET THIS.
I THINK MALCOLM SET IT UP.
>> SHUT UP.
>> I KNOW, RIGHT?
CAN YOU BELIEVE THAT?
>> UH, YEAH.
LOOK AT IT FROM HIS POINT OF
VIEW.
HE SUSPECTS YOU STOLE HIS WATCH.
WHO KNOWS WHAT HE READ ABOUT YOU
IN THAT BOOK JASMINE WROTE.
AND YOU MAKE IT NO SECRET THAT
YOU ONLY DATE MEN WITH MONEY.
>> BUT I REALLY LIKE HIM.
HE JUST HAPPENS TO HAVE MONEY.
AND SINCE WHEN DO YOU CARE ABOUT
MALCOLM'S POINT OF VIEW?
>> I'M ON YOUR SIDE.
I'M JUST TRYING TO GIVE YOU
SOMETHING TO THINK ABOUT BEFORE
YOU WRITE HIM OFF COMPLETELY.
NOW CAN I PLEASE HAVE SOME MORE
CHAMPAGNE?
>> MMM.
>> YES, PLEASE.
>> THANK YOU, MR. INDECENT
PROPOSAL, FOR PROVIDING
CHAMPAGNE SO EXPENSIVE I CAN'T
EVEN PRONOUNCE IT.
>> TOAST, TOAST, TOAST.
>> SALUT.
>> OH, VAL, I'VE BEEN SO CAUGHT
UP IN ALL MY DRAMA, I'VE BEEN
MEANING TO ASK YOU, HOW IS IT
GOING WITH BLAKE?
>> GOING?
HE'S GONE.
HE DOESN'T DINE ON SOUTHERN
CUISINE.
>> OH.
>> OOH, SO DISAPPOINTING.
>> PLEASE.
>> I THOUGHT CHEFS TRIED
EVERYTHING AT LEAST ONCE.
>> YOU'D THINK.
>> OH, THAT'S RIGHT.
ONE OF HIS EX-GIRLFRIENDS HAD
MENTIONED THAT A LONG TIME AGO.
MY BAD.
>> YOU KNEW ABOUT THIS?
APRIL, HOW COULD YOU DO ME LIKE
THAT?
I'M SORRY, VAL.
I TOTALLY FORGOT.
>> MM-HMM.
JUST FOR THAT, YOU CAN'T HAVE
ANY OF THE GOOD STUFF.
>> UH-UH.
SOMEBODY BRING THIS BITCH BRUT.
>> GIVE ME SOME SKIN.
[laughter]
>> NEXT ON SINGLE LADIES...
>> I KNOW THAT I'VE BEEN SAYING
ALL YEAR THAT I WANT A BIG
BLOWOUT FOR MY BIRTHDAY, BUT NOW
I JUST WANT TO BE LOW-KEY.
>> HEY, PRETTY LADY.
>> OH!
>> I WANTED TO BRING YOU THESE
BEFORE I GO.
>> T.O.
>> I'M SEBASTIAN.
IF HE WANTS YOU TO MEET, YOU
WILL KNOW.
>> IT'S RAINING MEN FOR YOU
RIGHT NOW, AND WHEN IT RAINS
LIKE THIS, YOU DON'T STAY
INSIDE.
>> THEY'RE ALL STARING AT ME.
THEY KNOW THAT I WAS WITH THE
MAYOR.
I NEED TO GO.
>> THEY'RE STARING AT ALL OF US,
APRIL, BECAUSE WE'RE HOT.
>> I'M NOLAN GIFFORD.
>> NICE TO MEET YOU TOO, MR.
GIFFORD.
>> DR. GIFFORD.
>> DARRYL, YOU CAME.
Captioning by CaptionMax
www.captionmax.com